good morning everyone now our
presence here the reason today is the
presentation of new technical wells
of the soccer boy at the end between
different options I had was opted
because he insulted me because man for
different reasons obviously the reason
economic that I bet on the elche
football club has made the bet
very important and therefore I think that
economically he already deserved that prize and
that there are similar offers is also
true that what we wanted is that
an elche company like kelme is
related to the elche for
many years to come back again to
our house that is your home and so
So we want to continue promoting the
support the industry elche
special footwear industry which is the
base sector there we did with josep or
me with our this mark that the mec
extra the main sponsor of the guy from
football
I will expand on what is the
clothes that gorgeous clothes for the
equipment have tried all these
players loved the designs
They are very pretty and Hebrew and therefore
I think they have known much better
this is Carlos that the president of that
He gave me thanks for having
done the work so we can have
mark this house that I think meno
that a great job from all his
technical team and therefore of thanks
and I hope we have those shared successes
between guys thank you very much Carlos
ah
thank you very much pepe for your by your
words good morning to all
good for us for all people
which represents that is the collective of
workers that he for me
today is a day a very important day a
historical day in our brand because
as he said as he said
president we go back to what
We consider our house we have
state we are a direct part of this
club for many years we have lived
three promotions with elche club
football we have been to the tough we have
been the ripe ones and of course for
We are present in this new
stage in a stage that is presumed
glorious because apart from being a
motivation was also a one
very great obligation Us
we always presume to be a
multinational a multinational based
based in elche in 2013
we had active sales in more than 40
countries and the whole world we introduce ourselves
So we are not a Spanish multinational
we are not a multinational
from the province of alicante we are one
multinational of elche that evidently
also implicitly the other two
the other two two de facto terms
tomorrow we celebrate in our
facilities our fifth convention
global sales where we will have to
more than 100 people from those 40 countries
visiting us and where we are going to present
our spring / summer 2015 collection
within our of our lines of
deal
it is evident that the equipment area
is perhaps where we concentrate more than 40
percent of our sales we
we are in according to the specialist of
market research export the the
most recognized brand Spanish brand
Spanish woman most recognized in the world of
what is called the sporting industry
goods
the sports equipment industry
for us in our mission is
very clearly dress up clubs in the
Liga BBVA We have an obligation
to dress a first division club
every year and it's clear that that
obligation is much bigger
when the club of our city ​​the
club where we presume from
have our origin is in first
division
since June 2013 when the
elche confirmed his promotion to the first
division our leit motiv our idea
was to be today presenting what we are
doing and from there everything has been
collaborations true that I think we've
made an important effort but a
effort that I think deserves the
pity that it is absolutely strategic
for us it is absolutely
strategic to be able to say would not be understood
that we were a multinational
based in Elche, leader in
Brand recognition in garments
sports and that the club of our
city made it a brand that was not
de elche was as I say an obligation
we have achieved our goal I think
that in the time that we have been working
with the elche is that they are already several months
although the first result is going to
see today we have shown a
versatility and a synergy is very
important between the two organizations
we are five minutes from each other
responsiveness have both
some like others that I think is
brutal today you are going to see the first the
first result of all that is a
spectacular sports collection one
collection where I'm not going to expand on
what are the technical definitions of the
garments
but we have prepared a dossier for you
each one of you where you have the
first the second and the third
equipment with all
technical specifications and there are good
a collection of clothing training and
first-class ride clothes
first level
also tell you that the proximity
proximity and be this agreement for
we fundamentally very
strategic will allow us throughout
all year long generate initiatives for the
amateur of the elche for the subscriber of the
elche I consider very very very important
We made ourselves very tailored to their
needs nothing else I would like
say goodbye giving way to
to video to video teaser that we
hang on the networks
a week ago trying to generate
Expectation about what you are going to see
now and here is the second part the
final result tell you that from
12 in our microsite made
specifically for this act that is the
claw franjiverde will be hanging this
video and you can download all
of nowhere I hope you like repeat
that we are excited about this with
this collaboration and I hope that many
successes for de elche and that we
we can live it nothing more I leave you with him
with the video thank you very much
it is much more than a piece of cloth
in it you live
it feels
It's like a part of you
you look at it and you have more than a thousand memories
to the head places faces gestures hits
and defeat joy and pain
but there is something that is always there
with her you feel at home with the
yours
with the strength to give everything
to win everything
It is a very strong feeling
go back to see this shirt is brief another
time of our history
and at the same time look to the future
one more year we are again among the
big
with a team very our
we go back to the biggest stadium in the
binds to the bleachers to overflow with emotion
to the nerve and in the franjiverde force
together heart with heart skin with skin
we play again at home
the official technical response of elche
football club our origins our
future